AMD GPU support with the rocm detector and YOLOv8 pretrained model download (#9762)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/object_detectors.md

```

:::

## AMD/ROCm GPU detector

> The `rocm` detector allows one to use [ultralytics](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics) yolov8 models on AMD GPUs and iGPUs. You need the special frigate build that contains the AMD/ROCm software stack:
> 
> - `ghcr.io/blakeblackshear/frigate:stable-rocm`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup

The `rocm` detector supports running [ultralytics](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics) yolov8 models on AMD GPUs and iGPUs. Use a frigate docker image with `-rocm` suffix, for example `ghcr.io/blakeblackshear/frigate:stable-rocm`.
```

The `rocm` builds precompile the `onnx` files for your chipset into `mxr` files. If you change your hardware or GPU or have compiled the wrong versions you need to delete the cached `.mxr` files under `/config/model_cache/yolov8/`.

### Frigate configuration

You also need to modify the frigate configuration to specify the detector, labels and model file. Here is an example configuration running `yolov8s`:

```yaml
model:
  labelmap_path: /config/model_cache/yolov8/labels.txt
  model_type: yolov8
detectors:
  rocm:
    type: rocm
    model:
      path: /config/model_cache/yolov8/yolov8s_320x320.onnx
```

Other settings available for the rocm detector

- `conserve_cpu: True` -- run ROCm/HIP synchronization in blocking mode saving CPU (at small loss of latency and maximum throughput)
- `auto_override_gfx: True` -- enable or disable automatic gfx driver detection

### Expected performance

> On an AMD Ryzen 3 5400U with integrated GPU one can expect getting about 120fps detections with yolov8n and 60fps with yolov8s (320x320).

Reviewer: fps is a difficult metric because frigate does not detect in full frames, so a user may expect that 120fps = 24 cameras at 5 fps when it won't really work out that way. I think it would be better (and more comparable to other detectors) to state inference speed here

Author: I removed the confusion-causing fps and instead provided milliseconds and detections per second values. Also updated to frigate-reported numbers I'm getting at this moment with cpu conversation enabled.
